随着互联网技术的迅猛发展
In recent years, with the rapid development of Internet technology, the Internet economy has become a hot topic. Represented by e-commerce, the Internet economy has become a strong driving force for the development of the Chinese economy. Our government proposes the concept of “Internet Plus”, aiming to push for the integration of the Internet with other industries, such as health care, transportation, education, finance, and public services. This will create more opportunities and broader prospects for the development of the Internet economy.
中央电视台
Since it started in 1983,the CCTV Spring Festival Gala, has become an indispensable cultural consumer product and a prominent cultural symbol in the lives of Chinese people. Although it’s hard to satisfy everyone’s taste, it should be admitted that the Spring Festival Gala has become a “new folk custom”. It is more than a gala; it is a ritual and a symbol, a culture and a label, and an emotion and an event which people entrust their hearts to. With the emerging of new media, the Spring Festival Gala is also advancing with the times to satisfy the increasingly diversified demands of the people.
丽江古城
The Old Town of Lijiang, located at the foot of Yulong Snow Mountain, is a town of scenic beauty, known for its history and culture. It is also one of China’s well-preserved old towns of ethnic minority groups. With the boom in Lijiang’s tourism, the Old Town of Lijiang is receiving a growing number of tourists from home and abroad. In December 1997, the Old Town succeeded in applying to be recognized as a World Cultural Heritage Site, becoming one of the first noted historical and cultural cities in China to be included on the World Cultural Heritage List.
社会的发展和就业形势的变化对大学生提出了更高的要求 
1.In recent years, the social development and changes in employment have posed higher requirements for college students.Instead of confining themselves to learning from books, more and more college students are taking an active part in social practice in their spare time.Through social practice, they can improve their analytical and problem-solving abilities, gain a deeper understanding of society, and increase their sense of social responsibility.Meanwhile, taking part in social practice can also help them recognize their own shortcomings and gain a clear idea about where they should be headed in the future.
实现中华民族伟大复兴
1.Realizing national rejuvenation, which we define as the Chinese Dream, has been the greatest Chinese expectation since modern times.In essence, the Chinese Dream is a commitment to bringing prosperity and happiness to the country, the nation, and the people.Every Chinese is a participant in and a creator of the Chinese Dream. 4.We should link our personal prospects closely to the future of our country. 5.The Chinese Dream is a dream of our nation and our people. 6.We should maintain firm confidence, unite as one, and strive in unity to advance national rejuvenation on all fronts.
